I will say that my editing software may look different than yours.
You could be using even the same exact software, but if it's a different year or we have a different
updated version, it's going to look slightly different.
So if you're in final cut, if you're in a movie, if you're in premier, if you're an avid, if you're
in a Da Vinci resolve, if you're in any of the softwares.
Don't worry too much about the appearance of mine.
That's not the goal of this course.
The goal is to give you the techniques that you can use across any of the software.
So just know that ahead of time, be patient.
You can pause the lectures.
You can rewind.
You can watch the back.
And I guarantee you that the information that you're going to be receiving is going to work regardless
of your software.
Now, I will also be supplying the downloadable footage for a majority of the chapters that we're going
to be going into and the learning exercises.
So you're going to actually be able to edit a right alongside with me with the same abo ve files from
Fourcade, footage from music videos from different kinds of projects, or if you like to, you can
edit with your own footage and follow along with me as well.